I loves for this tutorial you need one
yard of fabric an iron an on separating
zipper pins fabric scissors and a sewing
machine first I cut a large piece at the
top of my fabric this is the piece I
will use for the waistband time to
create the folds in the fabric what I do
is fold a double and then press it a
little bit then I do the same thing on
the other side and continue until it's
large enough to fit my waist but also
fit my hips
make it easier for myself already so
this part so that the pleats stay in
place now make sure that my waistband
fits the skirt by cutting a piece then I
place it on top and then pin the top as
well this is the part of Google so
afterwards as well since the fabric is
quite stiff I press it a bit again
place the zipper with the wrong side up
on the very side of your skirt then you
pit in a place and then sew along sewing
a zipper on is quite tricky because you
have to make sure that you sew it along
the fabrics side without touching the
points of their heart otherwise your
needle might break now turn your skirt
to the other side and then pin your
zipper to that side also
then open the zipper to make it easier
when you're sewing now that the zipper
is in place we will pin the bottom and
then sew along these lines now that
that's done I will sew the waistband in
place fold it over and then sew along
the bottom line
I like my skirt short so I cut a little
piece but if you like it longer you can
just leave it like that then I hem the
bottom now it's time to turn the skirt
to the right side since the print of the
fabric is very good the back and the
front look the same now that it's at the
front I just press it a little bit again
and then it's ready to wear and this is
the final look I'm so excited
if you want to see more videos with non
stretch fabrics click like make sure you
subscribe for more videos and share with
all your silly friends thanks for
watching where do you buy a fabric I
know so many of you have two minutes
quite hard to find so comment below and
please let me know and you can also
follow me on Instagram Facebook and
Pinterest
you